CHAOS-5505 Cleanup (#6752)
harness/developer-hub: docs/chaos-engineering/troubleshooting/troubleshooting.md

## Kubernetes infrastructure troubleshooting

> - ### Unable to connect to Kubernetes infrastructure server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Unable to connect to Kubernetes infrastructure server
```

* Check for local network issues, such as proxy errors or NAT license limits.
* For some cloud platforms, like AWS EC2, ensure that the security groups allow outbound traffic on HTTPS 443.

> - ### Connection to Kubernetes infrastructure fails after setting up the namespace and pods

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Connection to Kubernetes infrastructure fails after setting up the namespace and pods
```

          ```
Check the logs of all pods in the namespace.

> - ### Cluster in GCP has un-schedulable pods

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Cluster in GCP has un-schedulable pods
```

> GCP may throw an error stating that a cluster has unscheduled pods. This may occur if you don't have sufficient space in your Kubernetes cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GCP might throw an error stating that a cluster has unscheduled pods. This might occur if you don't have sufficient space in your Kubernetes cluster.
```

![](./static/images/troubleshooting-nextgen-00.png)

#### Workaround

> If your Kubernetes cluster isn't big enough and doesn't have [autoscaling](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/how-to/scaling-apps#autoscaling_deployments) enabled, it can't run the delegate (the remote component that helps access your k8s cluster and inject faults).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your Kubernetes cluster isn't big enough and doesn't have [autoscaling](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/how-to/scaling-apps#autoscaling_deployments) enabled, it can't run the delegate (the remote component that helps access your K8s cluster and inject faults).
```

To fix this issue, perform the following steps:
1. Add more space or turn on autoscaling
2. Wait for the cluster to restart
3. Reconnect to the cluster
4. Now re-run the following command:

```
$ kubectl apply -f harness-chaos-enable.yml
```

## Probe related troubleshooting

> - ### Environment variable and secret usage references in source mode of command probe

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Environment variable and secret usage references in source mode of command probe
```

## Fault and experiment related troubleshooting

> - ### Memory stress fault stressng flag usage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Memory stress fault stressing flag usage
```

```

:::tip
The `--vm-populate` in the above manifest populates the memory, thereby stressing it. It is an example to demonstrate how you can utilize the `stressNGFlags` flag attribute.
:::

> - ### Executing an experiment moves it to a QUEUED state

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Executing an experiment moves it to a QUEUED state
```

1. Check the subscriber's health; if the subscriber isn't active, it can't fetch the tasks to create the experiment. In such a case, check the logs of the subscriber and restart the subscriber pod.
2. Check the logs of the control plane components, such as Chaos Manager and Kubernetes IFS.

> - ### While executing an experiment, it directly moves to the ERROR state and the execution data for the run is absent

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### While executing an experiment, it directly moves to the ERROR state and the execution data for the run is absent
```

If you execute a chaos experiment but it directly moves to the ERROR state without providing any execution data, it means that the experiment was successfully sent to the subscriber, but the subscriber failed to start the experiment.

It could be due to a variety of reasons, such as:

1. Lack of relevant permissions for the subscriber while creating the experiment on the Kubernetes cluster.
2. The experiment name is too long, and it can't be applied to the Kubernetes cluster due to the need to adhere to certain Kubernetes policies.
3. Incorrect syntax of the chaos experiment may not allow the subscriber to start the experiment.

#### Debug

Check the logs of the subscriber, which will display the actual issue/error.

> - ### Executed an experiment, but the UI shows one run without any state for it. (similar to a pending workflow)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Executed an experiment, but the UI shows one run without any state for it. (similar to a pending workflow)
```

    ![navigate to page](./static/images/navigate-1.png)

> 2. Select the `⋮` icon and select **View runs**. Navigate to the specific run select the `⋮` icon and select **View Run Report**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Select the `⋮` icon and select **View runs**. Navigate to the specific run, select the `⋮` icon, and then select **View Run Report**.
```

    ![view runs](./static/images/view-report-2.png)

3. If you don't see the **experiment run ID** in the **Run details**, it means the experiment run couldn't start, since an ID is generated after an experiment run begins.

It could be due to a variety of reasons, such as:

1. The experiment name is too long, and when the workflow controller tries to create a run for it by adding a hash, the name exceeds the threshold value.
2. The experiment doesn't have a label as an instance ID.

> 3. Workflow has a label instance ID but doesn't match the instance ID available in the workflow controller configmap.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Workflow has a label instance ID but doesn't match the instance ID available in the workflow controller ConfigMap.
```

    1. If the logs suggest that the experiment run name exceeds the limit, change/reduce the length of the experiment name.

2. If the experiment doesn't have a label as an instance ID (aka infrastructure ID), check if you deployed the experiment manually or generated it from the UI (frontend).

>     1. The manifest generated from the UI will always have a label with it. If you don't see a label, use the infrastructure ID of the chaos infrastructure on which you run the experiment. Also report the issue to [Harness support](mailto:support@harness.io).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. The manifest generated from the UI will always have a label with it. If you don't see a label, use the infrastructure ID of the chaos infrastructure on which you run the experiment. Also report the issue to [Harness Support](mailto:support@harness.io).
```

        1. If they don't match, it means you have not applied the Kubernetes infrastructure manifest correctly.
        2. If the instance ID matches the infra ID, it means the experiment has the wrong label. In such a case, you can update the label instance ID with the infrastructure ID.

> - ### Started executing an experiment, but one of the experiment step nodes is in a PENDING state

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Started executing an experiment, but one of the experiment step nodes is in a PENDING state
```

The events section of the result of executing the earlier command will help determine whether the issue is related to memory/CPU. If so, you can free the required memory/CPU.

> - ### After injecting chaos, the experiment aborts, and probes fail continuously, how can this be addressed?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### After injecting chaos, the experiment aborts, and probes fail continuously, how can this be addressed?
```

If you inject chaos into your application, but the experiment gets aborted due to continuous probe failure, you can:

#### Workaround
1. Add 1 to 2 s of initial delay (**Initial Delay** is the field name while configuring the resilience probes); and
2. Provide multiple attempts (**Attempt** is the field name in resilience probes).

> - ### Live logs of my experiment run are not showing up, throws an error instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Live logs of an experiment run result in an error
```

## Windows chaos infrastructure troubleshooting

> - ### While installing Windows chaos infrastructure, service was created but in the Stopped state

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### While installing Windows chaos infrastructure, service was created but in the Stopped state
```

    ![provide user creds](./static/images/task-manager-service-logon.png)

  - Enter the credentials of the user account that should run the service.

>   - Select "Apply". You should receive a confirmation that the account has been granted logon as a service right.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Select **Apply**. You should receive a confirmation that the account has been granted logon as a service right.
```

5. Start the Service:

Apply the changes and start the service. The service should now enter a running state.

Follow the steps below to manually grant the necessary permissions for the service to start successfully.

> - ### Windows chaos infrastructure installation failed with "The Specified Service Already Exists"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Windows chaos infrastructure installation failed with "The Specified Service Already Exists"
```

  - Remove the chaos directory, typically located at `C:\\HCE`.
- Reinstall: After cleanup, re-run the installation script.

> - ### Windows infrastructure installation failed with "Account name is invalid"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Windows infrastructure installation failed with "Account name is invalid"
```

- Verify account name: Ensure that the account name provided in the `-AdminUser` flag is correct and exists on the system.
- Correct Syntax: Use the correct syntax, for example, `.\Administrator` for the local administrator account.

> - ### Windows infrastructure service fails to create with error or Exit Code 216

Reviewer: Recommend removing bullets from all headings in the file

> - ### Windows infrastructure service fails to create with error or Exit Code 216

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Windows infrastructure service fails to create with error or Exit Code 216
```

#### Solution

**Check Windows version:** The error indicates incompatibility with the Windows version. Currently, only 64-bit versions are supported. Support for 32-bit versions is planned for future releases.

> - ### Windows infrastructure default command fails with "Could not create SSL/TLS secure channel"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Windows infrastructure default command fails with "Could not create SSL/TLS secure channel"
```
